I do we're gonna make a video trade on a
Hexbug war is gonna grow heavy with nano
hex bug and this two are not controlled
by a hex book informal that I'll control
and I have spoke spider that my sister
will control will be playing on a hockey
table air hockey table mini so you're
not gonna see our face but the point is
to see the text bugs battle okay so we
each in our own coordinates and we'll
start these two
as you could see the heck's both a
sandwich at my hands on employers I'm
going for the head of a metal holy the
sweater was killed
as you can see I'm as happy
there will be three winners all hoechlin
a no living vehicles
going for the head club app and they
keep my systems on the field
oh also the goggle for tech second
pillars ten nine eight seven six five
four three two one
Oh barely meeting it because he was
honest on his back with the hex bug and
is out so lean on oh yeah we're just
questions for any other videos you play
to a part too so as you can see the ant
is pretty strong Oh actually I think
that there will be a part two position
there will be three winners so Hexbug
and hence bog inch or inch worm and
Hexbug spider are the three so we know
that this bug is um it's not weak but
once you get one attacker into the wheel
he stops um also you I thought you could
see that it got stuck right here like
that
that this day was snap cuz it has like
sensors that when it hits it and go
backward this one on top so it could
happen again approved but then we pushed
it and we probably went right here and
when on this spider because they had to
find out like it got right into there
couldn't move so it got yeah so uh just
say no you could get any of this man
Toys R Us Walmart Target etc oh sure
yeah RadioShack etc okay well thanks for
watching like comment subscribe bye